and now I'm going to make a very
interesting drink called the apricot
fish of course it's made without Bulls
implicit brandy some sugar lemon juice
to shake that up serve it in a tall
glass over ice top it off with a little
bit of soda and they're very easy just a
straw and the garnish I told you to
shake a drink so we need to get our
shaker first put one of the half shots
of our apricot brandy in there which has
got has great color as you can see it
has a nutty aroma but with lots of
apricot flavors in there so it's a very
very nice base for this cocktail so the
next step will be sure you can also use
sugar syrup if you have that at home
then you can use half a shot I'm using
two spoons of sugar just in the cocktail
like that the next step will be a lemon
juice well the cool thing is with lemon
you can get lots of juice out of there
but make sure you break the structure
from the lemons burst from the inside so
you just roll it and press it slightly
to get more juice out of there cut it in
half I'm having a cool tool right here
to get the juice out very easy but you
can also squeeze it with your hands
it would like to have a full measure of
our lemon juice which is around the
juice of half a lemon get it in there
and now give it a good shake and with
shaking we need lots of ice all the way
full and then we got four steps step
number one is to close everything then
put your thumb on there that's 2/3 is
your finger on there for hold the shape
completely and I got a 4 B which is mine
there you go it's nice and cold good
frost on the shaker I'm sure we open it
up serve it over ice and again you would
like to use a lot of ice and it's very
good to leave a little window open in
this every good fist because we need to
make it a little bit pointed so you see
you have a nice window over there for my
soda which gives the fizz put a nice
straw in there there you go just to
garnish and how simple and refreshing is
this enjoy